add details of how often index operations are flushed via Elasticsearch sink (#2124)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/guides/sink-to-elasticsearch.md

:::

> :::note Bulk operations
> The Elasticsearch sink connect in RisingWave will perform index operations via the [bulk API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-bulk.html#docs-bulk-api-request), flushing updates whenever one of these criteria is met:
> 
> * 1,000 operations
> * 5mb of updates
> * 5 seconds since the last flush (assuming new actions are queued)
> :::note
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elasticsearch sink connect in RisingWave will perform index operations via the [bulk API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-bulk.html#docs-bulk-api-request), flushing updates whenever one of these criteria is met:

- 1,000 operations
- 5 MB of updates
- 5 seconds since the last flush (assuming new actions are queued)
:::

```
